c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\MasterRecon.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.g.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\MasterRecon.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\MasterRecon.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Registration.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.Migrations.mig51.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\Utility.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\bin\Debug\Utility.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Home.baml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\Forms\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.Migrations.mig52.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MasterRecon\MasterRecon\obj\Debug\MasterRecon.Migrations.mig53.resources
